MM.
OH! LET ME
GET THAT, HUSBAND.
AFTER A STORYBOOK WEDDING
AND A MAGICAL HONEYMOON,
MITCHELL AND I
ARE FINALLY NEWLYWEDS.
ARE YOU SURE YOU WOULDN'T
BE MORE COMFORTABLE
IN YOUR OWN CHAIR?
[ SCOFFS ] THERE'S NO MORE
"MY CHAIR" OR "YOUR CHAIR."
SO...
WE GOT BACK FROM OUR HONEYMOON
SEVERAL WEEKS AGO,
AND IT FEELS LIKE
IT NEVER --
NEVER ENDED?
OH, MY GOSH.
IT'S LIKE WE HAVE
ONE MIND AND ONE HEART.
AND ONE CHAIR.
[ CHUCKLES ]
HA HA.
HAPPY THREE-MONTH
ANNIVERSARY.
OH, IS THAT TODAY?
[ CHUCKLES ]
SO, LISTEN, I HAVE
THIS BORING COCKTAIL
THING AT THE OFFICE,
BUT I SHOULD BE HOME
BY 6:00, AND THEN WE
CAN HEAD TO THE PARTY.
FOR YOU, DAD.
FROM DAD. AGAIN.
FLOWERS? BUT YOU JUST
GOT ME FLOWERS YESTERDAY.
WELL, YOU ALSO
HAD CEREAL YESTERDAY.
AND I WOULDN'T MIND
HAVING SOME TODAY.
SURE WAS NICE WHEN THIS HOUSE
WASN'T FULL OF BEES.
♪♪♪
[ BIRDS CHIRPING ]
MORE SYRUP
FOR MILADY?
WHY, THANK YOU,
KIND SIR.
CLAIRE, DO WE STILL HAVE
ANY OF THOSE COOKIES
THAT YOU AND LUKE BAKED?
ARE WE
THE KIND OF FAMILY
THAT HAS COOKIES
FOR BREAKFAST?
YES, WE ARE!
[ LAUGHTER ]
YEAH!
MMM!
[ GASPS ]
A BUTTERFLY!
[ Muffled ]
OH, MY GOD!
WE ARE HAVING...
...THE MOST PERFECT SUMMER...
...EVER.
DON'T GET ME WRONG,
THE DUNPHYS HAVE HAD
SOME GREAT DAYS.
WE JUST HAVE A LITTLE TROUBLE
STRINGING THEM TOGETHER.
OUR RECORD WAS EIGHT
CONSECUTIVE BLISSFUL DAYS --
DECEMBER 2007.
IT WAS OUR HANUKKAH.
THIS SUMMER, ALL THE DUNPHYS
ARE JUST CLICKING.
YEAH, HALEY AND LUKE
ARE GETTING ALONG,
ALEX IS OFF BUILDING HOUSES
FOR THE POOR.
WHICH I KNOW SOUNDS AWFUL,
BUT SHE LOVES IT.
[ SIGHS ]
MY FASHION BLOG IS BLOWING UP.
I STARTED DOING
THESE LIVE VIDEO CHATS,
AND NOW I HAVE
OVER 50,000 SUBSCRIBERS!
OH, PLUS, MY HAIR
HAS NEVER LOOKED BETTER.
I'M NOT A RELIGIOUS PERSON...
BUT I JUST WOKE UP.
PHIL HAS BEEN GARDENING.
I'VE HAD TIME TO CATCH UP
AND READ THE CLASSICS.
...WHEN SHE ISN'T BUSY
HELPING ME
WITH MY MAGIC-MIRROR
DISAPPEARING TRICK.
I'M JUST GONNA SAY IT --
SUDDENLY, I LOVE MAGIC.
I DON'T CARE IF
IT'S THE MIDDLE OF THE DAY.
I JUST WANT TO PUT
YOU IN A BOX AND
STICK SWORDS IN YOU.
[ Chuckling ] OH.
IF THIS SUMMER
WASN'T MAGICAL ENOUGH,
I HAVEN'T HAD
A SINGLE BAD PLUM!
OH, MY GOD!
SO, THE ZIPPER --
Phil:
OH, MY GOD!
[ LAUGHS ]
[ SPEAKING SPANISH ]
[ Woman speaking Spanish ]
[ CONVERSATION CONTINUES ]
ALL: Manny!
MANNY!
COME!
TALK TO YOUR COUSINS!
HOLA!
MAN:
¿Cómo estás, Manny?
MANNY, WHY YOU FREEZE
THE COLOMBIANS?
IF I TALK TO ONE OF THEM,
I HAVE TO TALK TO 50 OF THEM.
JUST DO IT
AS A BIRTHDAY GIFT.
YOU ALWAYS DO THIS. YOUR
BIRTHDAY'S NOT TILL NEXT WEEK.
NOT MINE. IT'S AUNT ROSARIO'S
82nd BIRTHDAY TODAY.
THAT'S WHY ALL THE
GOATS ARE WEARING
THE PARTY HATS.
LOOK!
ALL: Manny!
HI, EVERYONE.
[ Woman speaking Spanish ]
AY!
PRETTY SNAZZY
NEW CHEATERS, HUH?
FIVE BUCKS.
WOW.
I KNOW, RIGHT?!
MY HUSBAND IS AN OLDER MAN,
BUT HE'S NOT AN OLD MAN.
BUT WITH THE TRACK SUIT AND --
AND NOW THE GLASSES,
IT'S LIKE HE JUST
STOPPED TRYING LATELY.
COMFORT IS NOT EVERYTHING.
MY TOES HAVE BEEN NUMB
SINCE MY QUINCEANERA.
WE DON'T HAVE TO BE
AT DRINKS TILL 5:00,
SO I'M GONNA RUN A FEW
ERRANDS, TAKE THESE
BAD BOYS FOR A SPIN.
AY, JAY, WHY DON'T YOU
WEAR THAT NEW OUTFIT
THAT I JUST GOT YOU?
UH, A LITTLE FLASHY,
THAT EXTRA ZIPPER.
LIKE A STAIRCASE
TO NOWHERE.
YEAH, BUT IT
MAKES YOU LOOK VERY --
HONEY, I'M SO SORRY.
RIGHT ON YOUR TOES.
IT'S FINE. YOU CAN DROP
A PAY PHONE ON MY FOOT.
I DON'T FEEL A THING ANYMORE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
Phil: AND NOW,
AS MY LOVELY ASSISTANT JOINS ME,
IT'S TIME TO CHANT
THE INCANTATION
THAT WILL SEND THIS FAIR MAIDEN
INTO THE SIXTH DIMENSION.
Both: BY THE HAT OF MERLIN,
BY THE WITCHES OF GRAMANTHIA,
WE DO MAKE THIS OFFERING
TO YOU -- BE GONE!
Haley: [ GASPS ]
Claire: DID I DO IT?
DID I DISAPPEAR?
[ DOORBELL RINGS ]
ALMOST.
JUST A LITTLE BIT OF FOREHEAD.
OH, I CAN
SCRUNCH DOWN.
THERE'S LOVE.
HEY, GUYS.
SWEET!
YOU BROUGHT THE SIFTER.
AW! NOW I CAN START
MY RHUBARB PIE.
OOH, CAN I HELP PICK
THE RHUBARB?
LEAD THE WAY,
KITTEN.
ANYBODY WANT
A PLUM?
I'M GOOD.
I'LL GRAB YOU
A ROADIE.
[ BOTH LAUGH ]
THERE IS NO EASY WAY TO ASK
THIS, BUT ARE YOU ALL HIGH?
NO, MITCHELL.
WE'RE HAPPY.
OH, I'M TRYING TO
GET AWAY FROM "HAPPY."
ALL RIGHT,
IN THE BRIEFEST POSSIBLE WAY,
WHY DON'T YOU LET ME KNOW
WHAT'S GOING ON?
OKAY, CAM REFUSES
TO LET THE HONEYMOON END.
HUH.
I HAVE A HOUSE FULL OF FLOWERS,
ENDLESS ROMANTIC TEXTS.
I KNOW, I KNOW,
I SOUND LIKE AN UNGRATEFUL JERK.
YOU DO.
IT'S EXHAUSTING.
NOT TO MENTION
IMPOSSIBLE TO RECIPROCATE.
Phil:
OH, MY GOD!
UM, ANYWAY,
DO YOU THINK THAT MAYBE
I SHOULD TALK TO HIM GENTLY
ABOUT TAKING IT DOWN
A NOTCH?
NO, ABSOLUTELY NOT.
THAT NEVER ENDS WELL.
CLEARLY YOU THOUGHT
THIS SAID "BE MEAN."
PHIL, HONEY, NO.
NO.
IT'S --
OKAY, DON'T WORRY, I...
AND IT WASN'T EVEN
VALENTINE'S DAY.
SO YOUR ADVICE
IS TO DO NOTHING.
YES, MITCHELL,
AS HORRIBLE AS THIS SOUNDS,
YOU NEED TO SUCK IT UP
AND LET YOURSELF BE LOVED,
AND CAM WILL END UP
DIALING BACK THE ROMANCE.
YOU MIGHT JUST MISS IT.
I KNOW I DO.
HERE WE ARE.
A PLUM FOR MY PEACH.
OHH.
DO YOU?
HERE YOU GO.
THANK YOU.
IS HE OKAY?
HE'S MITCHELL.
LOOK, I DIDN'T EVEN
WANT TO TALK ABOUT IT.
WE'VE HAD SUCH
A GREAT THING GOING ON HERE.
I DON'T WANT TO LET THAT KIND
OF NEGATIVITY IN THE HOUSE.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
[ DOOR SLAMS ]
MMM.
ALEX!
HEY!
WE DIDN'T THINK YOU WERE
COMING BACK UNTIL NEXT WEEK.
I GOT A RIDE HOME EARLY.
THIS HAS BEEN
THE WORST SUMMER EVER!
[ GLASS SHATTERS IN DISTANCE ]
Luke:
CAREFUL, YOU IDIOT!
Haley:
YOU'RE AN IDIOT!
[ DOOR SLAMS ]
HUH.
AND LAST NIGHT,
MY TENT RIPPED,
SO I HAD TO SLEEP
UNDER A PLYWOOD BOARD
LEANING UP AGAINST A VAN.
PASS ME A NAPKIN.
IS MILADY'S ARM
BROKEN?
YOURS IS ABOUT TO BE.
AWW, PRECIOUS FLOWERS.
Alex: NOT THAT I COULD SLEEP
WITH ALL THE RATS.
AND, BY THE WAY,
IF ANY OF YOU START
COUGHING UP BLOOD, MY BAD.
I THINK I BROUGHT BACK
THE PLAGUE.
WHAT AM I DOING?
I THINK I LEFT MY BACKPACK
IN THE DRIVEWAY.
STOP KICKING ME!
YOU'RE KICKING ME!
[ DOOR SLAMS ]
I'M SORRY.
I'M JUST FIDGETY TODAY.
IT'S OKAY.
A COOKIE MIGHT HELP.
HERE'S THAT NAPKIN
YOU WANTED.
[ DOOR OPENS, CLOSES ]
Alex:
I GOT THE MAIL!
WOULD IT HAVE KILLED
YOU TO GIVE ME ONE
WITHOUT KETCHUP ON IT?
MOVE!
YOU HAVE ROOM!
NO, MOVE OUT!
YOU'RE 40!
Phil:
OKAY. THAT'S ENOUGH.
LUKE, WHY DON'T YOU
GO WATER OUR GARDEN.
HALEY, JUST DISAPPEAR
FOR A MINUTE.
WELL, IT'S NOT LIKE YOU
COULD HELP WITH THAT.
ABRACAD-OUCH.
WELL, IT'S GREAT
HAVING ALEX HOME, HUH?
SO GREAT.
YOU DON'T THINK THAT SHE'S
THE REASON WHY WE --
NO.
NO, I DO NOT.
WE BOTH KNEW
THAT THIS CHARMED SUMMER
HAD TO HAVE A BUMP IN IT
SOMEWHERE.
YES. YEAH.
AND IT'S NOT LIKE
ALEX COMING HOME
COULD SUDDENLY THROW OFF
OUR WHOLE HAPPY MOJO.
HOW'S THAT PLUM?
GREAT.
OH, MY GOD.
THERE SHE IS!
OH, SO HAPPY
TO HAVE YOU HOME, HONEY.
OH, MY GOD!
IT'S A BAT!
AAH!
Claire:
WHAT'S HAPPENING?!
GET IT OUT
OF THE HOUSE!
Haley: GET IT AWAY!
EW, EW, EW, EW!
AAH!
EW, EW, EW!
THIS IS UNBELIEVABLE.
THE DRY CLEANER LOST
ANOTHER ONE OF MY SHIRTS.
YOU KNOW THAT NICE,
RED-WHITE-AND-BLUE HAWAIIAN ONE?
YES,
THAT WAS A VERY NICE ONE.
THAT'S THE FOURTH
HAWAIIAN SHIRT HE'S LOST.
I'M TELLING YOU, THIS
IS A "DATELINE" STORY
WAITING TO HAPPEN.
Manny: GREAT TALKING
WITH YOU ALL,
HEY, BUT SOMEONE
WANTS TO SAY HI.
NO, NO!
ALL: Jay!
HI, GUYS.
WOMAN: ¿Cómo estás?
NOPE, STILL
DON'T SPEAK SPANISH.
ALWAYS SO MUCH FUN
SEEING YOU GUYS, THOUGH.
LISTEN, I --
GLORIA?
HMM?
YOUR COUSIN'S WEARING
MY BLACK, YELLOW,
AND PEACH HAWAIIAN SHIRT.
AY, PLEASE, JAY!
LIKE YOU'RE THE ONLY MAN
IN THIS WHOLE WIDE WORLD
THAT OWNS THAT SHIRT.
THESE DESIGNER SPECS
DON'T JUST MAKE MY EYES POP.
I CAN SEE THE CIGAR BURN
I PUT ON THE LEFT POCKET.
IT'S A COINCIDENCE.
THERE'S A LOT OF THOSE.
LIKE ACCORDING
TO YOUR UNCLE'S HOODIE HERE,
HE WAS ON MY TRACK TEAM
AT BUCHANAN HIGH.
HEY, GUYS.
TELL YOU WHAT.
WHY DON'T WE SAMPLE SOME
AMERICAN FOOD FOR A CHANGE?
[ Woman speaking Spanish ]
SO, YOU'RE SENDING
MY CLOTHES TO COLOMBIA?
JUST THE OLD ONES, AND -- AND
THEY SEND MOST OF THEM BACK.
AND THERE IT IS.
DO YOU HAVE A PROBLEM
WITH THE WAY I DRESS?
JAY, I LOVE YOU
VERY, VERY MUCH.
AND I LOVE YOU VERY MUCH,
BUT THAT WASN'T THE QUESTION.
IT'S JUST THAT
SOMETIMES I FEEL LIKE
YOU COULD MAKE A BIGGER EFFORT
ON YOUR APPEARANCE.
AND THERE IT IS.
PLEASE STOP SAYING THAT.
IT'S JUST THAT
I FEEL THAT LATELY
YOU DON'T MAKE AN EFFORT
TO LOOK GOOD FOR ME,
AND I'M ALWAYS MAKING AN EFFORT
TO LOOK MY BEST FOR YOU.
FOR ME? SURE.
WHAT?
WELL, LET'S FACE IT, YOU
DON'T REALLY DOLL UP FOR
ME -- YOU DO IT FOR YOU.
YOU GET YOUR HAIR DONE,
YOU GET YOUR NAILS DONE.
OH, SO YOU WOULDN'T MIND
IF I STOPPED FIXING MYSELF UP?
NO, BECAUSE I LOVE YOU
FOR YOU.
MM.
AND SINCE
WE'RE BEING HONEST,
I ACTUALLY THINK
SOMETIMES...
YOU OVERDO IT.
AND THERE IT IS.
YOU'RE USING IT WRONG.
NO, THIS IS GOOD.
IT'S GOOD TO KNOW THAT --
THAT YOU DON'T CARE.
THIS IS GONNA SAVE ME
SO MUCH TIME IN THE FUTURE.
GOOD.
GOOD!
ALL: Manny!
[ SIGHS ] WHY?
[ Man speaking Spanish ]
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
I DON'T CARE
IF IT'S CLICHé.
I LOVE THE CONVENIENCE
OF A NICE MINI QUICHE.
YOU GOT A LITTLE,
UM...
OH, NO. OKAY.
MM. PERFECT.
CAN THE NEW GUY
EMBARRASS HIMSELF ANY MORE?
HEY, COUNSELOR.
WHAT DO I HAVE TO DO
TO GET YOU TO DROP THAT SUIT?
CAM,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
SURPRISING MY "HUGSBAND"!
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ COUGHING ]
I'M HEARING THAT TERM
FOR THE FIRST TIME.
YEAH.
SO WHEN WILL YOU GUYS
BE BACK?
LOOKS LIKE SOMEBODY'S
ENTERTAINING A LADY FRIEND.
MAYBE YOU'LL POUR HER A NICE,
TALL GLASS OF MANNY-SCHEWITZ?
YOU KNOW WHAT? SOMETIMES JUST
A STRAIGHT ANSWER.
[ LAUGHS ]
GLORIA, CAN I GET AN E.T.A.?
THESE ARE IMPORTANT CLIENTS.
I'D LIKE THEM TO STILL BE ALIVE
WHEN WE GET THERE.
OKAY!
I'M READY.
SERIOUSLY?
WHAT?
[ GASPS ] AY, NO!
I'M SO SORRY!
I FORGOT THIS WAS DRINKS
WITH YOUR CLIENTS.
HOLD ON. OKAY.
[ PANTING ]
I'M READY NOW.
LET'S GO.
HEY, THERE, SUPERSTAR.
Haley: MORON!
Luke: DERP!
IT REALLY HASN'T BEEN
THE SAME HERE WITHOUT YOU.
MM, SO WHAT DO YOU
GOT THERE?
OH, COLLEGE BROCHURE!
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE
YOUR PICK OF SCHOOLS.
[ CHUCKLES ]
YOU'RE OUR LITTLE GENIUS.
I JUST HOPE --
WHAT, CLAIRE?
WHAT DO YOU HOPE?
WELL, YOU HAVE
SUCH A PERFECT RECORD,
I HOPE THEY DON'T HOLD IT
AGAINST YOU
THAT THIS WEEK
YOU KINDA...
WELL...
DON'T WANT
TO SAY "QUIT."
YOU JUST DID.
ARE YOU TRYING TO SEND ME BACK
TO THAT HELLHOLE?
NO! IT'S -- HONEY,
YOU'RE PART OF A TEAM,
AND THERE ARE PEOPLE
RELYING ON YOU,
SO WHEN YOU JUST
UP AND VANISH LIKE THAT,
IT SORT OF -- IT --
PHIL?
PHIL?!
YOUR MOM JUST FEELS
LIKE IT'S UNLIKE YOU
TO WALK AWAY
FROM SOMETHING.
AT LEAST
I COULD WALK AWAY.
MY TENT-MATE NAIL-GUNNED
HER FOOT TO THE FLOOR.
SHE WAS JUST WALKING AROUND
IN A CIRCLE SCREAMING
UNTIL SOMEONE FOUND HER!
WHY DO YOU GUYS WANT
TO GET RID OF ME SO BADLY?
NO ONE WANTS
TO GET RID OF YOU.
IT'S JUST
SEVEN MORE DAYS.
YOU'LL FEEL GOOD ABOUT
FINISHING SOMETHING YOU STARTED,
AND THEN YOU JOIN US
FOR THE PERFECT LITTLE SUMMER
WE'RE HAVING HERE.
WERE HAVING
UNTIL AN HOUR AGO.
HALEY!
OH, MY GOD.
OKAY, I SEE WHAT THIS IS.
YOU ALL ARE HAPPIER
WHEN I'M NOT HERE.
NO,
THAT'S NOT TRUE.
SAVE IT!
I'LL GET A RIDE
BACK UP THERE
AND YOU ALL CAN
CONTINUE TO ENJOY
YOUR PERFECT,
LITTLE SUMMER!
ALEX, HONEY!
LEAVE ME ALONE!
[ DOOR SLAMS ]
Luke: WE JUST GOT
FREE CINEMAX!
HERE'S MITCHELL
KISSING A DOLPHIN.
OH, THAT'S HIM
KISSING A TIGER.
I'M THE TIGER. RAWR!
[ LAUGHS ]
WE HAVE FUN,
YOU KNOW?
Were we supposed
to bring our spouses?
HEY, CAM?
CAM, HEY, LOOK.
UM, THIS IS
KIND OF WORK-ONLY.
OH, PLEASE.
THEY DON'T EVEN KNOW I'M HERE.
[ MID-TEMPO MUSIC PLAYS ]
[ GASPS ] I LOVE THIS SONG.
LET'S DANCE.
NO, NO. NOBODY'S --
NOBODY'S DANCING.
SHH. SAY IT
WITH YOUR HIPS.
[ Sighing ]
O-KAY.
HEY, UH, NO, CAM.
UM...
HMM?
YOU KNOW I LOVE YOU,
RIGHT?
FIRST MAN THAT EVER DID
LOVE ME RIGHT!
[ CHUCKLES ]
WE HAVE FUN.
WE DO,
WE DO, WE DO.
UM, SO, LOOK, I-I WAS
THINKING THAT MAYBE...
MMM.
WE COULD TURN
THE ROMANCE DOWN
JUST A LITTLE BIT,
YOU KNOW?
BECAUSE IT'S BEEN GETTING
A LITTLE BIT --
I-I-I DON'T WANT TO SAY
OVER THE TOP, BUT IT --
OKAY, I'M GONNA
NEED YOUR HELP
IF WE'RE GONNA
KEEP DANCING HERE.
I FEEL LIKE
YOU'RE MAD.
SO, WE HAD
AN INFORMAL VOTE OVER THERE...
WE'RE NOT
DANCING ANYMORE.
OH, GOOD.
YEAH.
YOU KNOW
HERB MIGHT STOP BY, RIGHT?
HE TAKES THE PICTURES
FOR THE COMPANY NEWSLETTER.
YES, I LOVE
"HERB'S BLURBS."
WELL...
[ Singsong voice ]
HERE COME THE DOORS!
AH!
USUALLY ALL THE GOOD PLACES
HAVE THEM!
I'M GOING
TO OPEN THEM!
OH, YOU'RE SUCH
A GENTLEMAN, JAY.
I THINK I FORGOT
MY WALLET.
OH, DON'T WORRY.
I HAVE SOME MONEY
HERE IN MY FANNY PACK, HUH?
FOR GOD'S SAKE, FINE.
YOU WIN.
I LIKE IT WHEN
YOU MAKE YOURSELF PRETTY.
I WIN!
I JUST SAID YOU WON.
AY, JAY, WHAT
YOU'RE FEELING RIGHT NOW
IS WHAT I FEEL WHEN YOU STOP
TRYING TO LOOK GOOD FOR ME.
NO, I GET IT.
THEN WHY
DID YOU STOP TRYING?
BECAUSE...
OH, FORGET IT.
IT'S TOO STUPID.
TELL ME.
A COUPLE OF MONTHS AGO,
I WAS SHOPPING AT BARNEYS --
YOU KNOW
I LIKE TO STAY CURRENT.
ANYHOW, I'M COMING
OUT OF THE DRESSING ROOM,
AND I SEE THESE TWO YOUNG GUYS
LAUGHING AT ME,
YOU KNOW, LIKE "THERE'S
THE OLD GUY TRYING TOO HARD."
YOU KNOW,
OF COURSE I GET MAD.
BUT I START THINKING,
"THEY'RE RIGHT, JAY.
YOU'RE OLD.
JUST BE OLD."
OW!
LISTEN TO ME,
JAY PRITCHETT!
A LOT OF PEOPLE ASSUME
THAT I MARRIED YOU
BECAUSE OF YOUR MONEY,
AND THAT'S ONLY
A VERY, VERY SMALL PART OF IT.
I'D LIKE TO
GO BACK TO THAT.
I MARRIED YOU
BECAUSE YOU WERE SEXY.
YOU STILL ARE.
WHO KNOWS FOR HOW LONG
THAT'S GONNA LAST,
FOR EITHER OF US.
SO WE HAVE TO KEEP MAKING
AN EFFORT FOR EACH OTHER.
NEXT TIME YOU GO TO BARNEYS,
I GO WITH YOU.
MAYBE YOU'RE JUST MAKING
THE WRONG CHOICES.
NOT ALWAYS.
MM.
YOU WANT TO HAVE A DRINK?
I CAN CHANGE.
NO, I THINK I'LL TEXT THEM,
TELL THEM I WAS SICK.
LET'S GO HOME.
YOU SAID I WAS SEXY.
[ SHRIEKS ]
OKAY, BYE, ROSA.
THANK YOU.
CAM!
WHAT'S UP, DUDE?
SERIOUSLY?
WHAT, IS THAT
TOO ROMANTIC FOR YOU?
HE LOVES ME NOT...
HE LOVES ME NOT.
OKAY, CAN WE TALK?
ACTUALLY, NO.
I'M KIND OF BUSY.
I'M ASSUMING YOU FORGOT
IT'S OUR THREE MONTH-IVERSARY.
WELL, I FOOLISHLY
SET UP A CELEBRATION
THAT I WILL KINDLY
GET RID OF.
CAM!
NO, I DIDN'T FORGET,
BUT THAT'S WHAT I WANT
TO TALK TO YOU ABOUT.
YOU'VE BEEN
A LITTLE BIT --
SEE, LOOK. THIS IS WHAT
I'M TALKING ABOUT.
YOU GOT ME
ANOTHER PRESENT.
DON'T TOUCH THAT.
OH, MY --
MY HEART!
WHAT HEART?
[ PANTING ]
CAM!
COME ON!
OKAY, LISTEN.
I KNOW HOW LUCKY I AM
TO HAVE YOU,
BUT I CAN'T POSSIBLY KEEP UP
WITH THIS LEVEL OF AFFECTION...
OH, BOY.
Cam: I APOLOGIZE!
I'M A MONSTER!
NO, OBVIOUSLY,
I'M THE MONSTER.
OBVIOUSLY.
[ BLOWS OUT CANDLES ]
YOU KNOW,
CAN I JUST POINT OUT
THAT WHEN
WE WERE IN CABO,
YOU DIDN'T SEEM TO MIND
ALL THE FLOWERS...
YEAH, BUT --
...OR THE BACK RUBS.
...OR THE ATTENTION.
WELL, THAT --
THAT WAS OUR HONEYMOON,
AND, YES, I LOVED IT,
BUT IT WAS WEEKS AGO.
WELL, MAYBE SOME OF US
DON'T WANT IT TO...END!
WELL, IT HAS TO
EVENTUALLY END.
ALL RIGHT, CAM --
DID YOU HAVE
THIS LIPSTICK OR --
YOU KNOW, PERSONALLY,
I FEEL SORRY FOR YOU
THAT YOU'RE SO SHUT OFF
THAT A FEW SIMPLE
ROMANTIC GESTURES --
OH, MY GOD!
WHAT AM I LOOKING AT HERE?
WELL,
I GUESS I'M CRAZY,
BECAUSE I'VE TAKEN PICTURES
OF YOU SLEEPING
EVERY NIGHT
SINCE WE GOT MARRIED
BECAUSE YOU'RE
THE MAN OF MY DREAMS.
OKAY, SUPER QUICK --
IF I WAS THE MAN OF YOUR DREAMS,
WOULDN'T YOU
HAVE TO BE THE ONE SLEEPING?
DON'T PULL THAT THREAD,
MITCHELL.
SPEAKING OF WHICH,
WHAT IS THIS?
DON'T PULL THAT THREAD,
MITCHELL.
OH, CAM, COME ON!
EVEN YOU HAVE TO ADMIT
THIS IS EXCESSIVE.
EXCESSIVE? REALLY?
[ POP ]
OH!
STRUCK BY CUPID'S
MAGIC ARROW.
IT'S OFF, LILY.
SERIOUSLY? TWO HOURS
REHEARSING WITH ROSA?
CAM, WHAT IS GOING ON
WITH YOU?
WE JUST HAD
THE MOST ROMANTIC YEAR EVER,
PLANNING OUR CEREMONY,
THE WEDDING, THE HONEYMOON,
AND I'M JUST WORRIED
IF WE LET THIS GO,
WE'LL NEVER GET IT BACK.
WELL, THAT DOESN'T ALL
JUST END.
IT DID ONCE.
YOU KNOW, THE FIRST TWO YEARS
WE WERE TOGETHER,
WE WERE
INSANELY ROMANTIC.
THEN IT BECAME
ABOUT PARENTING A-AND WORKING.
AND THIS LAST YEAR,
WE GOT THAT BACK,
AND I JUST REALIZED
I'VE DROPPED THE BALL.
OH, NO.
WELL, M-MAYBE YOU -- YOU
SHOULDN'T BE THE ONLY ONE
CARRYING THE BALL.
WHAT IF YOU DID
A GIVE-OFF TO ME?
A HAND-OFF.
OKAY, WHAT -- YEAH.
LOOK, W-WHAT IF I...
TRIED TO BECOME A LITTLE BIT
MORE ROMANTIC?
WHAT WOULD THAT
EVEN LOOK LIKE?
[ BILLY OCEAN'S
"CARIBBEAN QUEEN" PLAYS ]
THIS SONG...
[ CHUCKLING ]
WAS PLAYING THE NIGHT
I ASKED YOU TO MOVE IN.
AT THAT APPLEBEE'S.
MM-HMM.
I BELIEVE
YOU OWE ME A DANCE.
YES. [ CHUCKLES ]
♪ CARIBBEAN QUEEN ♪
♪ NOW WE'RE SHARING
THE SAME DREAM... ♪
ARE WE ALMOST DONE
WITH FAIRY TIME?
LILY, OF ALL --
LILY,
THAT'S OFFENSIVE.
I JUST WANT TO
GET OUT OF THIS COSTUME.
OH.
OH, OF COURSE.
NOW, THAT DOES
LOOK UNCOMFORTABLE.
THEY SNAP OFF.
OH, THAT'S EASY.
Alex:
MY RIDE'S ON ITS WAY.
DON'T WORRY,
I'LL WAIT OUTSIDE ON THE CURB.
HONEY, NOBODY
WANTS YOU TO GO.
YEAH, EVEN IF YOU ARE BAD LUCK,
YOU'RE OUR BAD LUCK.
YOU REALIZE THAT IS
IN NO WAY AN APOLOGY, RIGHT?
THE THING IS
THAT WE ARE REALLY --
PLEASE STOP TALKING.
I SPENT THIS ENTIRE SUMMER
AS AN OUTSIDER.
THEY LITERALLY MADE ME BUILD
THE OUTSIDE OF THE HOUSE.
AND THEN I COME BACK HERE
AND I --
WHY IS YOUR WEBCAM ON?
ARE YOU TRYING
TO HUMILIATE ME?
THAT LIGHT
MEANS IT'S ON?
IT DOESN'T AUTOMATICALLY
TURN OFF
WHEN YOU GO
TO A DIFFERENT WEB PAGE?
NO, AND CONSIDERING YOU KEEP
YOUR LAPTOP ON YOUR BED,
RIGHT BY WHERE
YOU CHANGE,
AND WHEN YOU COME
OUT OF THE SHOWER,
AND WHO KNOWS
WHAT ELSE...
EVERYONE KNOWS
WHAT ELSE!
IT'S PROBABLY WHY
YOU HAVE 50,000 SUBSCRIBERS.
HEY! YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED
OF YOURSELVES!
YEAH, YEAH.
STILL NOT OFF.
Haley:
HOW DO YOU DO THAT?
WAIT,
WHAT IS THAT SMELL?
YOUR FATHER AND LUKE
ARE MAKING A RHUBARB PIE
FROM RHUBARB WE GREW
IN OUR OWN GARDEN.
YOU'RE NOT LEAVING
UNTIL YOU TRY IT.
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
I SMELL SMOKE.
WELL, I DIDN'T TURN
THE OVEN ON YET.
DID YOU?
NO.
OH, NO, NO!
I TRIED TO START THAT STUPID
"WAR AND PEACE" AGAIN
LAST NIGHT IN THE BATHTUB,
BUT THEN I FELL ASLEEP.
IT DROPPED IN THE WATER
AND I THOUGHT
I WOULD JUST DRY IT OUT.
OH!
Phil:
OH! TAKE COVER!
OKAY! OKAY!
TAKE COVER!
Claire: OH, GOD!
DAMN THIS THING!
DID NOBODY NOTICE
THE OVEN LIGHT?!
LIGHTS MEAN THINGS,
PEOPLE!
OH! OH! OH!
Claire:
GREAT JOB!
OH, GOD! OH, NO!
NO! NO!
GOOD JOB, HONEY!
[ CAR HORN HONKS ]
THIS HAS BEEN AWESOME,
BUT MY RIDE'S HERE.
HAVE A MAGICAL DAY.
NO, NO, NO, NO.
NO, I GOT IT.
NO, SWEETIE.
CLAIRE,
I GOT THIS.
OKAY.
SPOON TIME, PEOPLE.
YES!
FAMILY TRADITION.
YES.
LOOK, YOU CAN LEAVE
IF YOU WANT TO, SWEETHEART,
BUT WE'RE NOT LETTING YOU GO
WITHOUT A SMILE ON YOUR FACE.
LUKE AND I POURED
A LOT OF LOVE INTO THIS PIE,
SO, HERE...
TASTE THIS.
TASTE OUR LOVE.
YOU TOOK THE LEAVES
OFF THE RHUBARB, RIGHT?
UM...
THEY'RE INCREDIBLY POISONOUS.
YOU ALL COULD DIE.
NO! ALEX SAYS
THEY'RE POISON!
OH! OKAY.
[ CLATTERING ]
WE'RE RIGHT HERE!
WE HEARD HER!
YOU CAN'T LEAVE US.
WE'RE A DANGER
TO OURSELVES.
WE'RE A FAMILY
OF FIRE STARTERS,
POISON EATERS,
AND ONLINE PROSTITUTES.
IT WASN'T
A PERFECT SUMMER.
IT WAS
A STUPID SUMMER.
Claire:
WITHOUT YOU HERE TO SHAME ME,
I WATCHED EVERY
"REAL HOUSEWIVES" EPISODE
AND I ONLY GOT TO PAGE TWO
IN "WAR AND PEACE."
PLEASE STAY.
WE NEED AT LEAST ONE ADULT
IN THIS HOUSEHOLD.
OKAY, FINE.
[ BAT FLUTTERING ]
YOU KNOW THE ATTIC WINDOW
IS OPEN, RIGHT?
Phil:
WE REALLY DIDN'T.
[ CRICKETS CHIRPING ]
Gloria:
I RACE YOU UP THE STAIRS.
Jay: WHY DON'T YOU SLIP INTO
SOMETHING LESS COMFORTABLE?
OKAY!
[ LAUGHS ]
SURPRISE!
AHHHHHH!
JUST A THOUGHT -- MAYBE
WE SHOULD STOP DOING THESE.
[ DOOR SLAMS ]
WHAT'S GOING ON?
Mitchell: IT SEEMS
PRETTY OBVIOUS.
I HAD TO THROW THE PARTY
A WEEK EARLY
TO REALLY SURPRISE HER.
Claire: SHOULD WE BE
CONCERNED ABOUT HER?
THAT'S KIND OF SIMILAR
TO THE WAY MOM LEFT.
GLORIA AND I GOT IN THIS
WHOLE THING ABOUT HOW WE DRESS.
LONG STORY, I THINK SHE MIGHT
NEED A LITTLE MORE TIME BEF--
HOLA!
[ LAUGHTER ]
OH, WOW!
I had this outfit
underneath.
Did you really think
that I was gonna walk
into a bar looking like that?
GRACIAS!
[ INDISTINCT MURMURING ]
ALL THESE YEARS,
YOU'RE TELLING ME
YOU CAN GET READY THAT FAST?
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
MM.
[ SMACKS LIPS ]
[ EXERCISE MUSIC PLAYS ]
♪ CARIBBEAN QUEEN ♪
♪ NOW WE'RE SHARING THE -- ♪
[ HAIR DRYER TURNS ON ]
[ COUGHING ]
Phil: MM.
MM!
[ Muffled ]
OH, MY GOD!
MM.